=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 12=
You're just a picked up wild girl.
What makes you think
you're worthy of studying with us?
Yeah. Who do you think you are?
Who I am isn't important.
What's important is...
Lin Yu,
last month you stole your father's
jade pendant and pawned it,
then lost fifty taels
(Lin Yu, son of the Minister of Revenue)
at the gambling house.
Your jade pendant
is still sitting in the pawnshop.
It'll cost eighty taels to redeem it.
Want me to tell your father?
You...
How do you know that?
Su Mingyuan,
last month you harassed a young girl
(Su Mingyuan)
on the street
(Son of the Minister of Military Affairs)
and got chased through three streets.
In the end,
you hid in a latrine to escape.
Lu Yan, you cheated on yesterday's exam.
You hid your cheat sheet in your sleeve,
but it accidentally fell out
and Zhao Qi picked it up.
You spent five taels to keep him quiet.
(Lu Yan, son of the Minister
of the Court of Imperial Sacrifices)
Anyone else want to hear their story?
I've got plenty more stories.
And the price is reasonable too.
Only five taels each.
Your Highness, this girl is terrifying.
During riding class later,
I'll deal with her myself.
That's right.
The eldest imperial grandson was personally
taught horseback riding by the Crown Prince.
No one can beat him,
let alone some little girl.
During riding class later,
Your Highness, show her what you've got.
Teach her a lesson.
(Fun Racecourse Begins)
At the sound of the gong, Suisui's little pink horse
(Charge Forward)
shot out like an arrow,
leaving everyone far behind.
Go! Charge forward!
Congratulations to Princess Suisui
for winning the race with ease!
She...
She crossed the finish line
with His Highness.
Not together.
She was half
a horse length ahead of him.
How is that possible?
His Highness was personally
taught riding by the Crown Prince.
And she's just some picked up...
Keep your voice down.
What if she hears you
and exposes your secrets too?
Still too slow.
You only get half a carrot.
What a ruthless merchant.
You promised me one whole carrot.
Keep arguing
and you won't get even half.
So?
How about paying me some tuition?
I'll give you the family discount.
(Father said...)
(If I can't even beat her
at the academy,)
(then I don't deserve to be his son.)
I want to ride this horse.
Your Highness, this horse is dangerous.
Its temper is too wild.
It's already injured many people.
Ordinary horses are beneath me.
If I'm going to ride one,
I'll ride the best.
Xiao Suisui,
do you dare race me again?
This is bad. Stay away from that horse.
Oh no!
The horse has gone mad!
No one can control it!
Stand still.
I said stand still!
You've got some nerve.
Who are you trying to scare?
If you dare scare people again,
I'll send you to turn the mill.
You'll work all day until you drop.
Sorry.
Do you know what you did wrong now?
Behave yourself from now on.
No more scaring people.
Xiao Rui.
Who said I was helping you up?
Rescue fee, fifty taels.
Appearance fee, another thirty.
That's eighty taels total. Pay up.
And if you want me to help you up,
that's another ten taels.
She's crazy. There's no way
His Highness would pay her.
Is this enough?
More than enough.
What?
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪